Disrespectful to the lady today.
This officer will liquidate them one by one.
Strictly do not lend
Sir, what the hell is going on?
She's a village woman.
Why do you respect her so much?
What's going on?
My eyes don't know if Thai Son collided with the gentleman.
Did you say you should fight?
Sir.
Are you wrong?
She sells tofu brains in Lac Phuong village for a living.
Not even the village came out.
How can it be a gentleman?
The lady's honor is predictable.
Only because you dare to speak ill of the lady.
You're so brave.
Sir.
You must be wrong.
She's a rural woman.
Very low status.
I am the adopted daughter of the chief princess sealed by King An Ninh.
She's just a rural woman.
Dare to tear up the holy thread
Humiliate Your Majesty and the Princess.
That's stupid.
It's stupid.
Your achievements today were all given by the lady.
You deserve your looks, ma'am.
But she tore up the order as truth.
You can't sit still.
Decree
With the dignity of the lady
If you want to tear, tear.
It's impossible.
Your Majesty is stupid.
Please feel free to express
Here it is...
This woman is...
Who am I? I don't deserve to know.
Ms. Ly Van Hieu
My family and you here are all guilty of the crime of emigration.
chu migration is the best